Add `no-incorrect-deep-equal` rule (#264)
avajs/eslint-plugin-ava: docs/rules/no-incorrect-deep-equal.md

> # Avoid using `deepEqual` with literals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Avoid using `deepEqual` with primitives
```

> `deepEqual` and `notDeepEqual` are unnecessary when comparing literals, template strings or `undefined`. Use `is` or `not` instead.

Reviewer: Primitives is a more correct word than literals (there could be object literal).

```suggestion
The `deepEqual` and `notDeepEqual` assertions are unnecessary when comparing primitives. Use `is` or `not` instead.
```
